Grantville, Saturday evening, August 2nd 1836

My Dearest One,

I need offer no apology for what I am now performing, for I am sure more will be required suffice this there as it is.  I am once more in town and 
have a slight opportunity of sending you a short communication which I will in this briefly do.  I want to see you very bad, I want to be with you,
but fearing lest I should act by going imprudently, I will send you this note requesting that you send me as soon as is convenient a reply.

Dearest Mollie, I have been all the week engaged in our meeting at prospect xhich is still gloriously progressing, I have been endeavouring to 
prove fathful to my promise and my soul to my Savior and work for his cause, I have been conducting a --- meeting held by the young men 
in the grove of an evening before preaching for 3 evenings now, and on last night we had a gracious visitation in our midst out there I was 
exceedingly happy Dear One, and was  enabled to --- my strengths and my efforts struggling with penitents and --- at the altar which was a 
glorious time to my soul last night.

O I am exceedingly anxious to see you that I may talk with and tell you of my hopes  and my prospects.  My heart has often been enabled
 to go up to God in prayer for you Dear Beloved this since I saw you, that he may be your comfort and exceeding great reward in all your
affliction and sorrow.  I never did in all my life feel so entirely cut loose from the world as I do now.  God Bless you now my Only One,
and may he establish you at all times and everywhere and make you a whole-hearted-devoted, useful active working Christian is the sincere 
daily prayer from your Faithful and devoted forever unchanging Y.A.

I will come at whatever time you may see fit to appoint be sure and tell me Mollie if it be in your power you know that although I want to be
with you so anxiously yet I would not in my over anxiousness act improperly or unwisely nor unadvisedly, so Mollie now you must advise me. 
I have written this in great haste for I have to leave now to get back to our --- meeting to night.  God Bless and keep you forever.  Farewell
for a few days